→A↓5
 (inspired by my college aerodynamics teacher)

Teaches electronics and eventually mechatronics.
Likes to give practical examples and almost every class you actually have to sit through includes a lab. She actually gets rather behind in the material she is meant to teach due to this and towards the end of the game, she speeds through a few subjects which is mostly communicated through students complaining about her becoming a worse teacher towards the end.

[2] says something about becoming a mech mechanic so he doesn’t need to know this classes material. “[2] what is your earliest memory… (no answer) How old were you. (answers) You were 6 and you’re 17 now so 11 years ago. Feels like forever ago  Are you really planning to spend three forevers as a mechanic, doing the same job? Well if you don’t want to commit yourself to that, electronics might be useful afterwards.


Science teacher gets a game for you to learn about relativity (so she can explain how magnetism and electricity are the same thing) but there are not enough terminals for you to play it. [4] downloads the game and ports it into Anyu as the hacking minigame. 

Opinion of [Anris]:
Their country will fall soon anyway. Given that everyone they could lose to, the country has already been ruled by at some point, Anris is the only option that might break the cycle of constantly being reconqued.

Lessons:
Voltage is like measuring distance. Saying this pencil is 2 meters doesn’t make sense. You have to say it is 2 meters, from the ground, or 2 meters long. Voltage is the same way. It always needs a point of reference, so if I connect this 1.5 Volt battery to ground, the top of the battery will be 1.5 volts above ground. If you add another battery, it will now be 3 volts above ground.
In several of her lessons, (energy conservation specifically) students bring up some ancient magic relic which has become a tourist attraction which seems to disobey physics. (I want to make it more reasonable to believe magic was more common before it dissapeard even though it was limited to 7 people.)


→A↓6
[HT]
→A↓7

→A↓8

→A↓9

→A↓10

→A↓11

→A↓12

→A↓13

→A↓14

→A↓15

→A↓2

→A↓3

→A↓1

→A↓16

→A↓0

→A↓17

