→A↓5
He does not know how to teach so he just assigns homework for every single thing he is meant to teach so students can learn it on their own.
Vocabulary/Spelling tests
Assigns chapters to read which even [1] stops actually reading, going off summaries instead so he has time to work on not-Lyoko upgrades.
His actual classes are the standard “I know this isn’t 1800 because of the computers and nothing else” lectures that are perfectly normal and efficient. I want the enormous and unfair homework load to be the only real bad side to this character but it will be enough to make every student hate him.
	Towards the end of the year, he is out one day and the substitute has everyone write a letter to a teacher from a previous year, thanking them for actually knowing what they were doing. “Tell them how you benefited from their class and give them some closure” This starts an optional quest to get postage to actually send the letter.

He is really trying to teach. He sees his unreasonable homework as a potential source of revelation to his students. One of his teachers assigned him a massive project and in the last two days before it was due (a weekend), he binge read the material and finally understood the meaning behind {book he assigns his class}. He is really trying to help his students appreciate literature as more than a story or a list of events. His problem is, he is an idiot and has no idea how to do that or how to improve. He focuses way too hard on the one book he had a revelation with which just doesn't work because he was struck by how the story was structured entirely around a plot twist which everyone but him saw coming. Instead of explaining to the class how well things were arranged in the story to build up to this, he just takes the "last 5% explanation" where he says this thing happened earlier and plot twist, leaving his students to fill in the 95% of the details that make a coherent connection between those two events.
He takes the "If I could just give them 1 revelation about my subject, I have succeeded" approach way too far which leads to him teaching every other part of his class box standard, but with an overbearing amount of homework because he does realize he focuses too much on the literature side and wants to balance things. As stated earlier, he is an idiot, so he does this the worst way possible.

Opinion of [Anris]:

Near the end of the game, [LT] has a conversation with [ST] about this. (The protagonists have already talked a bit about the book they were assigned so we can assume the player and [ST] have about the same existing knowledge).
[LT] "I don't know if any of them really got it."
[ST]"{book} is a slower book. []'s class used {other book} which they seemed to like."
"{other book} just doesn't really have the same depth."
"Depth doesn't help if they don't want to explore it."
"But they had to. The homework forced them to examine every part of the story."
"I'm not sure I've ever enjoyed something I was forced to read."
"…You know, this was the first book I ever actually liked. I had one weekend to read the whole thing and write a report on it in college. And at 2am (The plot twist from {book}) really hit me. How the whole story came together in 8 words. I just want some of my students to feel that shift where they see exactly what the author wanted them to."


(Somehow work this conversation into being plot relevant in the end rather than pure character development/exposition)

At one point, class is interrupted by the fire alarm. An electrical closet coght fire. Later, a forensic electrical engineer is called in to look at it. (I didn't know that was even a job, but now the player will.)
→A↓6
[LT]
→A↓7

→A↓8

→A↓9

→A↓10

→A↓11

→A↓12

→A↓13

→A↓14

→A↓15

→A↓2

→A↓3

→A↓1

→A↓16

→A↓0

→A↓17

