→A↓5
[WM] Wess Whymen: (Emblem: Rough outline of the dragon you fight in Anyu) wyvern

The white mage who heals himself after you free him from the sword.

He wants to maintain the tradition of having only 7 mages. He establishes the threat of the Dagnaroba as a reason for this, but his real motivation is that he doesn’t trust the masses with the power of magic. He is an eletest who is somewhat justifiable in not wanting random people to have the ability to throw fireballs whenever they want. He opposes the protagonists for this reason, thinking they weren’t worthy of what they were given. 

Overview:
	While he does just want to take things back to when the world worked best for him, he does have a cause players can agree with. (I need to make sure I say this before the final battle)
		People can't be trusted with magic. We now what they will do with it, and even Anris can't stop everyone. He's barely winning as it is.
		There will be fewer wars when not having 1 of 7 people as your leader guarantees defeat
		[Anris] "In the end, it doesn't matter. Even if you're goal was exactly the same as mine. I know you aren't capable of pulling it off. In 700 years, stealing the 8 Word Paradigm has gone from the greatest crime, to a free ticket to ultimate power. No one's supporting you. No one knows who you are. You rule the world. So I don't care how you would manager it if you did."
	Thought all his conquests, he never had a team, never received a runic weapon from a retiring mage, never made any alliances because he never needed to. The only thing of value he felt he ever really had was his title as a guard of paradigm, and with his loss to [Anris], he looses that. He is a different person in the sequel because after loosing that fight, he has no goal left. He has no subordinates, allies, or obligations. He has nothing left. He realizes he is a long dead man, pushing a system he couldn’t rebuild into a world he was never going to succeed in fixing. In the epilogue, realizes his goal was stupid, but it was all he had left.
	To Shrevix in the epilogue after he pulled [WM] out of his fight with Anris. “I was never going to fix this world again, was I?” “You didn’t really work towards that, no.” “I was never going to matter, again.”

[WM] encounter with the protagonists:
	After scaring a bunch of people with magic and sending them running, he talks to the protagonists asking them why everyone is running. (the answer is obvious {he just blew up some stuff} but they are running from where he was because they are only running because the people who actually saw the event are running from. “they are informed only by other people’s opinions”

He has a habit of not really explaining things to the mages he recruits. When they finally meet the only other mage in existence, they ask a lot of questions, so while [WM] has no desire to talk to [Anris] before their final fight and loses respect with every contradictory answer [Anris] gives, he is stuck letting them ask [Anris] questions for quite a while so he doesn’t come off as revenge driven to his followers who already suspect that of him.

He is in charge, everyone else gets information when he thinks they need it. This is why [SD] is the only one of his students who actually knows what you look like and recognizes you in Lyoko. The rest straight up don’t know anything about you because [WM] didn’t think sharing that information was important.

[WM]’s main driving force is that he wants his life to go back to how it was before [Anris] killed him. When he conquered whatever he wanted, he was part of an exclusive group who could use magic, and everyone knew who he was and respected him to some extent. His goal is stoping [Anris] because [Anris] is the one who broke the system that gave him power. He sees reinstating the guards of paradigm as returning the natural order. Something he can just set up and it will run as it was meant to. The only thing he needs to plan at all is dealing with Anris. 

When [Anris] claims he has taught his team nothing, he claims to be teaching his team through (some open syllabus BS teaching style I should look up for inspiration) and letting them learn on their own.

[WM] Lost to Anris because he is basically the player character of a RPG. He knows he will win in the end. He's more powerful than anyone else. He is used to being the only one making large moves in the world. He thinks he lost to [Anris] because he didn't take the fight seriously and let it get drawn out because he wanted to see what [Anris] could do. He doesn't go into his second fight with [Anris] unprepared from arrogance (which would be boring). He thinks the only thing he needs to win is just to not sabotage himself, because he is the only one who can stop himself and the rest of his life has never brought this into question.

There is no self reflection for [WM]. He knows what he needs to do. There is no more reason to think about it.

While he is a prick, ruled by elietism; I should write him as Hei from Darker Than Black, where he is a prick on a case by case  basis in an entertaining way rather than a general purpose prick who is just unlikable. This is mostly shown after Anris makes him his public opponent and [WM] is pulled by generals and other leaders to help. He declines not only to help, but constantly insults everyone involved when they offer to help him which is rather justified since they loose every fight with [Anris].

Tool: hatchet made of welded chain links and a regular longsword which doubles as a spell catalyst.

Boss fight 2:
There is no second phase to this fight. Right after he is freed he starts to recover and locks himself under the sword bit you fight him in to avoid being interrupted.

Phantom:
	[Anris]'s Phantom


→A↓6
[WM]
→A↓7

→A↓8

→A↓9

→A↓10

→A↓11

→A↓12

→A↓13

→A↓14

→A↓15

→A↓2

→A↓3

→A↓1

→A↓16

→A↓0

→A↓17

