Theme. Accepting there are things you don’t know and things you are wrong about and asking for help even on things you are proud of being goid at. 

Lisege les-age. Liminal Space Generator

To draw a curve. Draw a line at the two locations you want the curve to start and end. Then subdivide the sides once. Then subdivide that once. Blender will smoothly interpolate with each cut.

The border obstacle is also called “The Wall Outside the World”

The best kind of multiplayer coop is in games like Trine or Helldivers where you mostly can’t hurt each other but there are still ways to mess with each other like dropping ammo on someone’s mech or tethering someones box to the ground. The best part of trine was when three of us were tethered to and swinging from a ring on a rolling stand while the fourth actually worked on the puzzle. 

The more you set up events before skipping and letting the player assume the intervening scene, the less possible it is to do something the wrong way in their opinion.
In Fullmetal Alchemist, Ed uses alchemy to win an arm wrestling contest because his opponent was also cheating. This worked well as a story moment and for his character, but is interesting because it annoyed Winry who wanted to see him win using her work. I need to make sure I see every character's perspective on each event and try to not just have all of them agree.


After you finish the book, rewrite it with abridged characters. This is where you turn exposition dumps into real conversations.

I need more somber moments in this game.

Isn’t it weird how relevant Anyu ended up being to our science class?
[1] It is kind of strange, but I would rather have the extra help in history. I have no idea where that class is going.
Some of the more advanced circuit features are explained by [6] excitedly showing you a contraption she stayed up all night building. She usually only does this on weekends though since she is generally responsible with her time. 

Theme is an active exploration of an idea, stated as a theory and branching out from there. This is how you write the in-between bits of the story. Most small talk, time filling conversations between characters start with a question, characters build a theory on that idea, then that opinion becomes a part of the character or, if a consensus is reached, a part of the group's identity. Often these conversations devolve as the fact that everyone is a high school student brings the seriousness of the debate down.
A few of these conversations need to focus on what [Anrin] brings up in their final encounter, how should magic be given to the world and what are the risks and benefits?

Characters never run away. This is a problem I have with writing games because there are so few times you can trust the player to truly fear any situation.

Plot can keep people reading just to see where the world is going
Characters can keep them reading to see what their favorite characters do in interesting situations or to see them improve
World building keeps people invested because you’re letting them explore more of a place they want to be more with every chapter. 

But theme is different. Theme is not a reason to witness a story. While an interesting character, world, or mystery can keep you invested in a story with noting else going for it, strong themes cannot. 

So what is theme? I didn’t know for a long time and one of my literature teachers even convinced me the moral of a story was it’s theme (it can be but is usually tangential) so it is a difficult concept... until you watch Gurren Laggan. In it, Kamina has a habit of shouting the show’s theme at people. This sounds stupid, but works because he stops saying it about the time it actually become’s the show’s theme, basically replacing himself with the audience as the viewer is now looking out for the theme.


It’s exciting when a story introduces a new mechanic that just negates difficulties characters were having to deal with before. A good example is Dacron sails that don’t mildew or have a break in period. Marconi rigs replaced gaff for being significantly simpler and allowing you to sail closer to the wind. 


City is called Ridasent
The two rings around the planet are called Rōs and Seir

FF6, the world ends. Far sooner than you expect, Anris puts his plans into action, activating all the abilities he has been fighting you with the whole game, and his control starts to spread over the world. Right before this, you were still trying to keep Anyu a secret, but now it doesn’t matter.

If you add a vs mode: Super Bomberman R Review : It would likely center around an arena that is 2/3 Analogue grid where players try to stay on the raised tiles and drop down to get things or to trap opponents.
